Update formulas section (#177)
nordcraftengine/documentation: docs/11-formulas/01-overview/index.md

- Can be composed together to build more complex logic

::: info

> A pure function always returns the same result for the same input values and doesn't change anything outside of itself, ensuring predictability and reliability.

Reviewer: I saw you removed shorthands in a previous PR? Not sure if that's the standard?
```suggestion
A pure function always returns the same result for the same input values and does not change anything outside of itself, ensuring predictability and reliability.
```
